Another section has come to an end. Let's pack the project.
Let's check all the settings in GameModeBase, set RoundsNum = 4, round time = 30 seconds.
Also in AICharacter in the healtch component we removed autoheal - we set the property to true.
And let's check the map settings: we can now return the EditorStartupMap to TestLevel.
And GameDefaultMap should be in MenuLevel. This level will be loaded when the game starts.
We can all package the project. We check the build configuration, let it be shipping, select windows 64-bit and start packing.
The game has assembled successfully. Everything works for us, we can select the level, press start game, the preloader is shown.
The level is loaded, the pause works. Press continue, the user interface is also updated.
Let's check the lives of the enemy characters. Everything works. We will not wait until the end
to look at the statistics. Let's go back to the main menu and close the game by clicking on quit.